Added Reakit to React Component Libraries (#1002)
enaqx/awesome-react: README.md

- [reactstrap](https://github.com/reactstrap/reactstrap) - Simple React Bootstrap 4 components
- [semantic-ui-react](https://github.com/Semantic-Org/Semantic-UI-React) - The official Semantic-UI-React integration
- [react-fontawesome](https://github.com/FortAwesome/react-fontawesome) - Font Awesome 5 component library for React

> - [Reakit](https://reakit.io/) - Accessible, Composable and Customizable components for React

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Reakit](https://github.com/reakit/reakit) - Accessible, Composable and Customizable components for React
```
